# International Conference on Artificial Intelligence Advances (AIAD 2022)

## August 27 ~ 28, 2022, Virtual Conference

### https://www.aiad2022.org/

**Scope & Topics**

International Conference on Artificial Intelligence Advances (AIAD 2022) will act as a major forum for the presentation of innovative ideas, approaches, developments, and research projects in the area advanced Artificial Intelligence. It will also serve to facilitate the exchange of information between researchers and industry professionals to discuss the latest issues and advancement in the research area. Core areas of AI and advanced multi-disciplinary and its applications will be covered during the conferences.

The scope of the conference covers all theoretical and practical aspects of the Artificial Intelligence for presenting new advances and research results in the fields of Artificial Intelligence. The wide realms of research addressing any of the significant developments in the below-mentioned broad areas are welcome. The conference invites researchers to submit in the pivotal areas of publication interests.

**Topics of interest include, but are not limited to, the following**

* AI in Network & Communications

* AI in Cyber Security

* AI in Healthcare

* Ambient Intelligence

* Artificial Intelligence and Big Data

* Artificial Intelligence and Deep Learning in Education

* Artificial Intelligence in Modeling and Simulation

* Bioinformatics and Computational Biology

* Cognitive Cyber-Physical System

* Computer Vision

* Data Mining

* Deep Learning

* Evolutionary Computing

* Fuzzy Systems

* Hybrid Intelligent Systems

* Industrial Applications of AI

* Intelligent User Interfaces

* Knowledge Representation and Reasoning

* Knowledge-Based Systems

* Machine Learning

* Model-Based Reasoning

* Natural Language Processing

* Neural Networks

* Ontology

* Robotics

* Web Intelligence

**Paper Submission**

Authors are invited to submit papers through the conference Submission System by August 13, 2022. Submissions must be original and should not have been published previously or be under consideration for publication while being evaluated for this conference. The proceedings of the conference will be published by International Journal on Cybernetics & Informatics (IJCI) (Confirmed).

Selected papers from AIAD 2022, after further revisions, will be published in the special issues of the following journals.


