# 8th International Conference on Signal, Image Processing and Embedded Systems (SIGEM 2022)

## Scope

**8th International Conference on Signal, Image Processing and Embedded Systems (SIGEM 2022)** is a forum for presenting new advances and research results in the fields of Digital Image Processing and Embedded Systems. The conference will bring together leading researchers, engineers and scientists in the domain of interest from around the world. The scope of the conference covers all theoretical and practical aspects of the Signal, Image Processing, Pattern Recognition and Embedded Systems.

## Call for Papers

**8th International Conference on Signal, Image Processing and Embedded Systems (SIGEM 2022)** is a forum for presenting new advances and research results in the fields of Digital Image Processing and Embedded Systems. The conference will bring together leading researchers, engineers and scientists in the domain of interest from around the world. The scope of the conference covers all theoretical and practical aspects of the Signal, Image Processing, Pattern Recognition and Embedded Systems.

Authors are solicited to contribute to the conference by submitting articles that illustrate research results, projects, surveying works and industrial experiences that describe significant advances in the following areas, but are not limited to.

## Topics

Topics of interest include, but are not limited to, the following:

- Image Acquisition & Medical Image Processing
- Visualization
- 3D and Stereo Imaging
- Application & Others
- Pattern Recognition and Analysis
- Image Coding and Compression
- Face Recognition & Super-resolution Imaging
- Image Segmentation
- 3-D and Surface Reconstruction
- Analog and Mixed Signal Processing
- Applications (Biomedical, Bioinformatics, Genomic, Seismic, Radar, Sonar, Remote Sensing, Positioning, etc.)
- Array Signal Processing
- Audio/Speech Processing and Coding
- Digital & Mobile Signal Processing

## Submission

Authors are invited to submit papers through the conference Submission System by **August 27, 2022**. Submissions must be original and should not have been published previously or be under consideration for publication while being evaluated for this conference. The proceedings of the conference will be published by Computer Science Conference Proceedings in Computer Science & Information Technology (CS & IT) series (Confirmed).

## Important dates

| Description                             | Date               |
| --------------------------------------- | ------------------ |
| Submission Deadline                     | August 27, 2022    |
| Authors Notification                    | September 25, 2022 |
| Registration & camera - Ready Paper Due | October 04, 2022   |
